The time of the imperialists
will soon come to an end.
They speak...
...speak as if they want
to frighten us.
But they only scare themselves.
They know...
...They know that our nuclear arsenal
is only getting stronger every day.
And I have already said...
And I will say it again,
We... Will...
...bury them!
Daddy, I got my pin.
I'm a Little Octobrist.
Wear it here...
by your heart.
I have to go out for a little while.
I won't wake you.
You can wake me.
I'm an American citizen.
I wish moments like this
were not necessary.
But it seems they are.
As you all know, Major Popov
was caught spying for the Americans.
We must all remember...
...the consequences of treason.
Decadent Westerners.
This is why they are weak.
Eh, comrade Penkovsky?
Mr. Wynne is a guest of my committee.
Let him through.
Chairman Khruschev, so far
Cuba has been more trouble
than it's worth.
It's our one foothold
in Latin America.
But it's too isolated.
We can't expand from there.
It's a weak spot for us.
I agree.
It is now.
But we can turn it into
a weak spot for the Americans.
Colonel?
Sorry, your secretary is away.
Oleg Gribanov, KGB.
Do you have a few minutes?
Of course, come in.
It's an honour to finally meet you.
I know men who served
under you in Kiev.
They say they owe you their lives.
I thought...
...you might remember these
from Ankara.
Contraband, I know, but...
We're curious about...
Greville Wynne.
Have you noticed anything
unorthodox about him?
Behaviour? Interactions?
Nothing of concern.
Or I would have noted it
in my contact reports.
Yes, I read those, very thoroughly.
But now that I tell you
we're looking into him...
...does anything come to mind?
He's been coming to Moscow for awhile.
Why the concern now?
Because he's been coming
to Moscow for awhile.
Meets with many officials,
he goes many places.
Over time, this creates questions.
From what I've seen,
Wynne is interested in making money
and not much else.
But I will be sure...
...to observe him even more closely.
Thank you, Colonel.
I won't take any more of your time.
Thank you for warning me.
I'll leave you the cigarettes...
...and send you a whole carton.
How are you feeling?
Much better.
She says I've been working too hard.
My body decided to give itself
a little vacation.
I want to keep him here a few days
to rest.
Then he should be back to normal.
Thank you.
Nina...
...can I talk with your father alone?
Really, I feel fine.
I couldn't wait to tell you...
What?
I'm pregnant.
This one feels like a boy.
Excuse me, Colonel?
I'm Irina from the Trade Ministry.
I wanted to speak to you
about the London trade fair.
Yes, our preparations
are going very well.
The minister has decided you
do not need to attend.
Oh. Are we not sending a delegation?
We are...
but the Minister feels
your other work is too
...valuable to neglect right now.
He would like you to remain in Moscow.
Of course.
Please tell the Minister
I won't let him down.
I have a light day.
I'll come home after lunch.
We...
...can do something fun,
would you like that?
Yes, Daddy.
And you could wear
that red dress for me?
We need to leave.
I have diplomatic status.
Have a seat, Colonel.
Oleg, what's happening?
Tell her.
She didn't know anything,
you can see that.
Tell your family why we're here.
I am...
I am a traitor.
I betrayed the revolution.
I'm so sorry.
I believed in you for so long.
I defended you around the Kremlin.
And now this.
How long have you known?
Not until I had you poisoned.
While you were in hospital,
we did a search and found
your hiding place.
Installed surveillance.
We saw your plans last night,
and came in this morning
for a closer look.
And now the game is over.
I swear my family did not know.
We will discuss your family later.
It's time to go.